speak beauty guys who the speaker is the din
and I'm bringing you a way
very good of you guys to be
getting your builders from you
is earning gems a very simple way
quickly and safely the guys I tested then
It's always try to prove there by the channel
pig and copy
first you will enter the galley
in the place of your cell phone
android only works on go android
Look for oaf this first
snack application where you have the
faithful and once installed will appear
here is the normal screen for you to open
will enter the application
Then you'll come here and next.
next galera near to finish
after the beginning and now comes a part
very important there you should enter
on here
After you enter, you 'll ask for your
place with your facebook is because I already
I played there you will say this code is the
galaxy ax 4 02 59 which is the channel and
will get you started with 30 cents
from the very top folks you go to
can you help the channel and winning
Gems there for you at the beginning good to
guys already managed to gather a stop gem
for you
so it's really worth the guys now
Let's go to this part here that does not
explained in the in-app
this clash of games people are
available for you a dollar if you
seven days in his
cell phone
every day is changing here the
applications
this other one here only needs to play for
four minutes another you only need
leave it open and then close it from here
You win by the time he is
installed on your phone
a penny if you want to stay
Since then, there has been a long time
stay on your cell phone you're winning
galera is a very easy application already
tested here really works then
I hope you liked this video
here on the channel
to give this channel morality there.
force share this video shows for
Your friends, you will be able to
to win gem people will get
speed up your barracks or buy
its builders and jemma and something
you want and that's it guys for
if you have a reason why this video shares
with general and popular that everything in this
hug
went